I will speak in Korean.
This is the house of the king and the house of the queen.
The king and the queen are really beautiful.
So, I will explain the house of the queen.
First, I will explain the inside of the house.
The thief is talking to the queen.
This house is a glass house.
The thief is joking with the queen.
The queen is angry with the king.
The thief is saying that he will not sleep tonight.
So, the thief is talking to the queen.
The thief is looking through the hole.
There are various glasses in the house.
One of them is a glass that looks like a king.
The thief is looking at the glass and is talking to the queen.
Come on, come on.
This is a big problem.
What's the problem?
There is a
There is a big problem.
The head of the thief is about one meter tall.
There are two hundred and fifty-six feet of wood.
The thief is looking at the glass.
The thief is laughing.
Come on, come on.
You guys are trying hard.
I'm trying hard.
I thought the thief had changed.
I put a lot of glasses in the house.
This is a pair of glasses that you can see in many places.
I prepared this.